we're proud to say that hidden Pines is
a special kind of campground located in
Old Orchard Beach Maine we've got all of
the top amenities today's campers have
come to expect but we blend those with a
peaceful natural and quiet surrounding
to help visitors reconnect with the best
that Mother Nature has to offer at
hidden pines family campground our
amenities are vast in that we have
playgrounds and swimming pools yet we
are geared towards a more quiet family
camping experience so we don't have kids
activity programs or anything that's
necessarily planned out by the
campground it's more for the camper who
wants to come and have a nice quiet
relaxing stay and to stay at hidden
Pines is just that relaxing at hidden
Pines you can happily unwind with a dip
in the pool let your kids work out some
of that extra energy on the playground
and let them get their electronics fix
in the game room but unlike other
campgrounds peace and quiet rains and no
activities are forced on our guests at
hidden Pines you can enjoy your
surroundings at your own quiet leisurely
pace our clean modern facilities
guarantee our visitors that special home
away from home experience and when
you're ready to head out and experience
a bit more of the excitement of Old
Orchard Beach you're a short walk or
drive away from it all when you're at
hidden Pines you're just a short walk
from seven miles of sandy beach just
outside our driveway half a mile down
the road you'll find downtown old
orchard beach with an amusement park
street side food and seven miles of
pristine sandy beach it's truly a jewel
of the east coasts stop in and stay
awhile at hidden pines campground and
you'll experience camping the way it was
meant to be